[HOPSWORKS-2014] assume role docs (#192)
logicalclocks/hops-docs: docs/user_guide/hopsworks/assume-role.rst

===========================
Assuming AWS resource roles
===========================
 
When deploying Hopsworks on EC2 instances you might need to assume different roles to access resources
on AWS. These roles are configured in AWS and mapped to projects in Hopsworks, for a guide on how to
configure this go to :doc:`../../admin_guide/cloud_role_mapping`. 
 
After an administrator configured role mappings in Hopsworks you can see the roles you can assume by going
to your project settings.

.. _project-roles.png: ../_images/admin/project-roles.png
.. figure:: ../../imgs/admin/project-roles.png
 :alt: Project roles
 :target: `project-roles.png`_
 :align: center
 :figclass: align-cente

 Cloud roles mapped to project.
 

> You can then use the Hops Util python and java APIs to assume the roles listed in your project settings page.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can then use the Hops Python and Java APIs to assume the roles listed in your project's settings page.
```

 
When calling the assume role method you can pass the role ARN string or use the get role method that takes
the role id as an argument.
 
.. code-block:: python
 
   from hops.credentials_provider import get_role, assume_role
   credentials = assume_role(get_role(1))
   spark.read.csv("s3a://resource/test.csv").show()
 
 
.. code-block:: scala
 
   import io.hops.util.CredentialsProvider
   val creds = CredentialsProvider.assumeRole(CredentialsProvider.getRole(1))
   spark.read.csv("s3a://resource/test.csv").show()
 
The assume role method sets spark hadoop configurations that will allow spark to read s3 buckets. The code

> examples above show how to read s3 buckets using python and scala.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
examples above show how to read s3 buckets using Python and Scala.
```
